In addition to getting a list of all active nodes,
you will often desire a list of all topics.
You can obtain the list of topics by using the command rostopic list.
This will give you a list of all the topics.
We can see that there are some topics associated with
the ROS out node that we discussed a moment ago,
and there are some topics grouped together under the turtle1 named space.
As you may have guessed, all of the topics grouped under the turtle1 named space are
provided by the turtlesim node and are
associated with the turtle that we see in the virtual world.
Publishing a message to the command vel topic
will command the turtle to move with the given velocity.
Turtle 1 also contains a color sensor and
the turtlesim node publishes readings from the sensor on the color sensor topic.
Lastly the turtlesim node publishes
the position and orientation of the turtle to the post topic.
While the topic names here are somewhat indicative
of their purpose this won't always be the case.
Sometimes you will need to get more information about a specific topic